Anne!
[exhales]
[exhales deeply]
[exhales] Well...
I expect it's perfectly normal
to be nervous on your first day,
but I'm sure everything will be fine.
I don't have much experience with school,
but why wouldn't it be fine?
Better than fine.
I have no doubt that it will be.
None at all.
I'm a few years behind...
but that's no reason not to be optimistic.
The only place I can go from here,
academically speaking, is up.
If a person puts their best foot forward,
things can go well--
Slow those feet down, please.
It will be nice
to have a lot of new friends.
Although, I expect it will be difficult
to find a toehold,
since they've probably
known each other forever.
Going to school is my lifelong dream.
What could possibly go wr--
Please let that not be portentous.
For heaven's sake, Anne,
I told you to slow down.
I'll fetch a broom.
-I'm sorry, Marilla.
-You'll do just fine today.
You are as smart as the dickens.
Oh, I'm not so worried about my brain.
I believe it to be in good working order.
Hm.
And with any luck, I'll catch up
with the rest of the class quite quickly.
That's not really my concern.
Do you want to know
what my big concern is?
My overriding concern?
[Marilla]
I'm sure you'll tell us soon enough.
It's this awful red hair.
This horrible hideous horrible red hair!
It's the bane of my existence.
Anne Shirley-Cuthbert, I suggest you find
a worthier overriding concern.
And my freckles.
I hate my freckles.
And I can't help but think the children
would like me better if I was pretty.
Fiddlesticks!
You're a vain one and no mistake.
If a rose wasn't beautiful,
nobody would want to stop and smell it.
And, besides,
how can I be vain if I'm ugly?
Oh, enough of your foolishness.
You'll do just fine at school if you stop
your yammering and fortify yourself.
[horses neighing]
♪ First thing we'd climb a tree ♪
♪ And maybe then we'd talk ♪
♪ Or sit silently ♪
♪ And listen to our thoughts ♪
♪ With illusions of someday ♪
♪ Casting a golden light ♪
♪ No dress rehearsal ♪
♪ This is our life ♪
♪ You are ahead by a century ♪
-♪ This is our life ♪
-♪ You are ahead by a century ♪
Why, hello there.
I'm ever so pleased
to make your acquaintances.
Greetings. No.
Salutations.
Oh, your dress is splendid!
Puff sleeves are divine!
Have you always lived in Avonlea?
Oh, I agree. I believe it to be
the most beautiful place on the Earth.
And I've traveled a fair deal.
It gives one a worldly perspective.
Oh, this old thing?
I adore wild flowers, don't you?
Sometimes I like to imagine
that my room is a flowery bower.
Did you know that a bower
is a lady's private apartment
in a medieval hall or castle?
Wouldn't it be wonderful to be a princess?
Words cannot express how thrilling it is
to make your acquaintance.
[exhales deeply]
[shouting, indistinct conversations]
[Diana] Anne!
Hello, Diana!
My, what have you done to your hat?
Well, I wanted to make a good
first impression, and it was so plain.
[chuckles]
You're making an impression all right.
I'm glad you found your way. I expect
we should be able to walk together soon.
We can't?
I'm sure it won't be long until my parents
accept you, now that you're a Cuthbert.
Welcome to the first day of school.
Come on.
I'll show you everything you need to know.
I wonder who that is?
Leave your hat and sweater here.
You can sit with me.
Ruby won't mind.
I think Jane and Ruby may sit together,
now that Prissy's studying
for Queen's Academy entrance exams,
and needs to sit with the older students.
-Who?
-[laughs] Go on and set your things down.
Hello there. I'm Moody.
-Oh, I'm sorry.
-Moody Spurgeon.
-[exhales] I'm Anne.
-I'm Charlie.
-Charlie Sloane.
-Happy to meet you.
Don't talk to the boys.
They're ridiculous.
Nice to see you, too, Diana.
[softly] All except Gilbert Blythe.
He's dreamy, but he won't be here today.
This is Jane Andrews and Josie Pye
and Ruby Gillis and Tillie Boulter.
Everybody, this is Anne.
-Hello, Anne.
-Hello.
Nice to meet you.
It is a scrumptious pleasure
to make your acquaintances,
and I shall do my utmost
to prove myself worthy of your friendship.
Uh... Anne loves to read,
and she knows ever so many big words.
Does she use them all in every sentence?
[chuckles]
I like to read, too.
No, you don't.
No, I don't.
I saw you at the church picnic.
I'm sorry, I should have said hello.
There were an awful lot of people there.
Mother wouldn't let me.
Why do they make you wear
that old-lady dress?
[stammers]
It's just nice to have something new.
If you're an orphan, I suppose.
I wouldn't be caught dead in it.
Anne isn't an orphan anymore.
She's been adopted.
I'm... still an orphan, Diana.
-I'll always be an orphan.
-[Tillie] Goodness.
I'd hate to be an orphan.
I feel real sorry for you, Anne.
Ruff-ruff! Ruff! Ruff!
You're ridiculous.
Hey, look! It's a talking dog. [chuckles]
-Can you fetch, too?
-Billy, leave her be.
[Billy] Sit. Stay. Roll over. [chuckles]
Don't mind my brother. He's ridiculous!
Ruff!
Never let the boys know
when they've upset you.
Never let them know
when you like them, either.
School... is a lot to contend with.
Have you ever been to a real school,
or did they just send you
to special orphan school?
Come on, Anne. Let's finish the tour.
Bring your milk.
I'll show you the stream outside.
[whispering]
[horse neighs]
[cow moos]
[knock on door]
-Good morning, Miss Cuthbert.
-Good morning.
I don't think we've ever been
formally introduced,
but, of course, I know you
from town and church.
It's Mrs. Bell, isn't it?
Yes, and this is Mrs. Andrews.
-Nice to know you.
-How do you do?
How may I help you?
We're here on behalf of the PMSC.
The Progressive Mothers' Sewing Circle.
You might have heard of us. We've been
meeting twice a month for over two years.
Of course.
I'd be happy to make a small donation.
Oh... Oh, no. Thank you kindly, but we're
not a charity. We're an organization.
-An informal organization.
-But an organization nonetheless.
Mothers who gather to discuss
the education of our young girls.
-We also do needlepoint.
-And tea is served, of course.
That sounds stimulating.
Now that you're mother to a young girl,
we're wondering if you'd like to attend.
Oh...
We should warn you
that our viewpoints are forward-thinking.
We believe that a woman's education
is just as important as a man's.
Oh, that is admirable.
Now that your... ward... your--
Anne.
Since your Anne is part
of our community now,
and you'll be raising her,
we wanted to extend the invitation
for you to join us.
We're meeting at the Andrews' home
this afternoon.
Will you come?
Set your milk down next to mine,
so they'll stay cold.
I must have done something wrong
just then. I don't know what it was.
Let me tell you all the things
to know about lunch.
All the girls in our clique sit together.
We make a kind of clubhouse
with no boys allowed.
I usually sit next to Jane, but sometimes
Jane sits with her big sister Prissy.
-Tillie sits on the other side of Josie.
-[knock on window]
You'll need to gauge the situation,
since we always sit the same way.
Everybody shows what they brought,
and we divide it equally.
Anyone who doesn't share
is considered awful mean.
I hope you brought enough for everyone,
since it won't do to eat without sharing.
[Billy barks] Come here, girl.
Who's a good Anne? Who's a good Anne?
-Ruff! Ruff! Ruff!
-[Diana continues indistinctly]
-What'd you bring, Anne?
-Josie Pye doesn't like me at all.
I brought a lace-trimmed handkerchief.
It should make a lovely presentation.
Hopefully your apple
is already sliced for sharing.
-Apple? I... I...
-Come on. I'll show you the rest.
[bell ringing]
Avonlea schooling is very progressive.
We have a second room for the youngsters.
Hello. All right, uh, take your seats.
Diana, what kind of sums are those?
Long division, of course.
Long division?
So easy, right?
Those were the days.
Come on.
And this is the supply room.
But you need to ask permission before
you take anything. Even during recess.
'Cause sometimes Mr. Phillips
secretly naps here.
Well, I'll be!
That's... that's Prissy Andrews
and the teacher, Mr. Phillips.
-Are they married?
-Of course not.
She's a student and he's old.
-They're touching.
-They must be making a baby.
What?
Well, if they're touching, that means
they're having intimate relations.
Really?
It seems to me a lot of husbands
have a pet mouse.
Pet mouse?
[Anne]
That's what I've been told, anyways.
Yes.
So I expect Mr. Phillips has one, too,
in his front pants pocket.
I expect Prissy Andrews
has made its acquaintance.
Mrs. Hammond,
she's a lady I used to work for,
she said she always had twins
after she pet Mr. Hammond's mouse.
[bell ringing]
[Mr. Phillips] Spell "ravishing."
[whispers]
[Mr. Phillips] Correct. You may sit.
Moody, stand and deliver.
-[students laughing]
-Spell "dreadful."
Like your handwriting.
[class chuckles]
Moody, it has an "A" in it, right
after the "E," but the "A" is silent.
Yes, the "A" is silent, as you should be.
You're the, um, orphan, yes?
My name is Anne Shirley-Cuthbert,
and please spell "Anne" with an "E."
-Did I call on you?
-You-You just asked me a question.
Did I call on you?
-No.
-Then sit down.
[class chuckles]
Oh... [sniffs]
There's, uh, bread and cheese
in the pantry for your lunch.
I expect I'll be back well before milking.
I daresay this meeting
takes a bite out of the day.
You sure about this, Marilla?
Well, I can't say I quite know
what I got myself into,
but, well, there's no harm
in learning something new.
Seeing as how we're parents, and all.
In case it escaped your notice.
Eh, up until now, I hadn't really...
thought of it that way.
Well, there's truth to it.
So you'd better get used to the idea.
-[clicks tongue]
-[horse nickers]
[chuckling, indistinct conversations]
Anne!
Come here!
I thought lunchtime would never arrive.
I feel the same way!
I'm just so excited
to hear about everything that you saw!
-Me too.
-Me three!
What do you mean?
Prissy and Mr. Phillips, silly.
In the supply room.
I told them about the pet mouse.
It's just all so shocking.
I wasn't too sure about it, though,
so I thought maybe you could tell them.
[chuckling]
-I just can't believe it!
-Me neither!
Prissy and Mr. Phillips
are having intimate relations, all right!
-[giggling]
-It's a pretty common occurrence.
But you don't really think
she touched it, do you?
His pet mouse?
[all laughing]
-I spy with my little eye...
-Go away!
-Stop spying!
-[Diana] Stupid boys!
Are they really making a baby?
[chuckling]
It's disgusting. He's the teacher.
-Prissy does look grown-up this year.
-Do you think they're in love?
When it comes to intimate relations,
I'm not sure it matters.
[giggling]
Oh, my!
Do tell, Anne.
Well, in my experience with Mrs. Hammond
and her drunken husband--
-Drunken husband?
-Oh, my!
They're the people you lived with before?
They were the last ones, yes.
-And he was a drunkard?
-Oh, indeed.
-Oh, Anne...
-Mr. Hammond always had his moonshine.
And after he'd partaken,
he would stomp around the house
like Frankenstein's monster,
and everybody would run.
But nobody faster than Mrs. Hammond,
because she knew he was going to
make her pet his mouse.
-And did she?
-I believe she had to.
[chuckling]
Oh, my.
I could hear everything!
Everything?
To this day,
I don't know quite what to make of it.
There were times I heard laughing,
and it sounded like fun,
but there were other times
I was sure he was murdering her!
Either way, it sure made Mrs. Hammond mad.
And the next morning, more often than not,
she would take after me
with a wooden spoon!
I'll confess that I was relieved
when Mr. Hammond dropped dead.
I didn't miss the sting
of his belt one bit.
-Is lunchtime over already?
-No. I won't eat next to dirty trash.
Come on, girls,
before we all become tarnished.
Diana?
I...
Oh, dear. Let me go see
if there's anything to be done.
My sister has written to me
about our current book,
The Grasshoppers by Mrs. Andrew Dean.
Her sister is a suffragette.
She regularly sends me progressive
periodicals from Acadia University.
Which she attended.
My sister writes that the book reviewer
for The Athenaeum
described this story as
"a woman's flirtation with feminism."
"Feminism." What an incredible word.
How very intriguing.
But what exactly does it mean?
I loved this story. It changed my thinking
about higher education for women.
My mother still believes it's scandalous
for women to attend college.
It's a forbidden topic.
We're also an informal book club,
in case you hadn't noticed.
You can be next in line to read this,
after Margaret, if you like.
Thank you.
Oh, I hope you're a girl.
You'll be a modern woman
in a modern society.
-[Mrs. Bell] Times have certainly changed.
-[Mrs. Andrews] Indeed.
My mother was quite disappointed
when I came along.
She only wanted boys.
Well, your farm is exceedingly large.
And now your Prissy is sitting
for her college entrance exams.
I want her to have
every advantage in life.
And Jane.
You see? That's feminism.
Good for you, Miss Cuthbert,
for choosing a girl.
It's very forward-thinking.
Treat yourself, while you still have time.
Oh! [chuckles]
And-And you're educating her.
Is she quite bright?
Oh, well, Anne's inquisitive,
that's for sure and certain.
She loves to read.
She has a real appetite for learning.
Are you hoping she'll go into one
of the feminine professions?
[Mrs. Phelan]
Maybe she'll be a teacher one day.
Perhaps so.
This is why we must strive
to improve the curriculum for girls.
Especially for those
who are unlikely to marry.
[Mrs. Bell] Now, at our last meeting,
we were discussing the curriculum,
and perhaps compiling
a list of suggestions...
[indistinct conversations]
-Goodbye.
-I miss you already.
[chattering continuing]
Come along, Anne.
I can walk you partway home.
[Anne] Isn't it nice to think tomorrow
is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?
There must be a limit to the mistakes
one person can make.
And when I get to the end of them,
then I'll be through with them.
It's a very comforting thought.
Don't worry. I'm sure the girls
will come around to liking you real soon.
-Maybe talk a bit less.
-[exhales]
And... no mice.
See you tomorrow, Anne.
[exhales]
And then when I heard you attended one
of their...
their whatever-you-call-its...
Meeting.
...you could've knocked me over
with a feather, that's what.
I'm mystified by you.
Shocked and mystified.
Marilla Cuthbert, suffragette!
-Oh, for heaven's sake!
-A progressive mother!
I'm still a bit surprised
about the "mother" part myself.
Well, don't ask me for my advice.
I've only had ten children!
[sighs deeply]
Tell me everything. I mean it.
Don't leave out a single detail.
If you're so curious,
you should consider attending.
Why on earth would I join a group
of young mothers?
Tea, please. I must have fortification.
It was a lively discussion.
"Lively." Did you each take turns
shouting atop a soapbox?
There was a lot of civilized talk about
women's education and social reforms.
Next you'll tell me you burnt your corsets
and danced naked at town hall!
We ran out of time.
[gasps]
Admittedly, I felt rather at sea.
There's so much changing, these days.
So much I'd never thought about before.
Not that you'd ever even thought
about being a mother until Anne.
That's what I'm saying.
-What if...?
-[door opens]
What if I'm not equal to the task?
Motherhood is simple.
Controversial ideas
just complicate the matter unnecessarily.
Matthew... did you condone
this little adventure?
Huh?
I just come in for tea.
Oh, so you were just fine and dandy
with Marilla traipsing off.
Don't put him in the middle.
I'll, uh...
I'll just, uh, take it outside with me.
I'd like to hear what he makes
of all this modern thinking.
Um...
I reckon every new idea was modern once.
Until it wasn't.
[door opens]
Well.
[door creaks, closes]
Well. Well, well.
[cows mooing]
[goats bleating]
Hi there. Hi, Jerry.
You've become a woman
of drastic actions of late.
I barely know you anymore.
You know there's a difference
between having an opinion about something
and pronouncing judgment!
I'm not sorry I went to that meeting.
Even if it did serve
to point out everything that I don't know.
[scoffs]
I feel I need to expand my thinking
if I'm gonna do right by Anne.
That girl is not a usual sort of person,
that's for sure and certain.
Well, at least we can agree on that.
[exhales]
The two of you are an inspiration!
To think that you've been friends
since school.
Kindred spirits forever.
How do you do it? W-What's your secret?
How was your first day at school?
I think it went really, really well. Very
well. I'm just so happy to be there.
I'll just put my things away, and then
I'll be down to help you with supper!
Keep me posted about the next meeting.
If you like.
I'd be happy to offer my opinion.
I have no doubt you will.
[chuckles]
[sighs]
[exhales]
[sighs] Long division.
It must be like backwards multiplication.
It can't be that hard to figure out.
[exhales]
[chickens clucking, rooster crows]
Today will be better.
I'm not gonna say anything weird,
or... or do anything wrong.
You're my friend, right, Belle?
You'll always be my friend, won't you?
You bet. I'm so flattered.
-You shouldn't eavesdrop, Jerry.
-You what?
[sighs]
[birds chirping]
I just have to remember
what Jane Eyre said.
"Life appears to me too short
to be spent in nursing animosity,
or registering wrongs."
[exhales]
Anne of Green Gables.
You and me, we're gonna talk.
You said some nasty stuff about my sister.
Who's your sister?
-Prissy Andrews, dummy.
-I'm sure I didn't mean to be nasty.
Is that why she was crying all night?
My parents say that's slander.
-You want to get slandered?
-Sorry. I truly meant no harm. I...
[Billy chuckles]
I'm gonna teach you a lesson, Fido.
You're a bad dog.
Bad little dog.
[boy] Hey, Billy!
How's it going?
Hey, Gilbert.
Man, it's-it's, um, it's good to be back.
Uh...
Yeah. Yeah, welcome back.
Yeah, it's good to see you, buddy.
So you guys, uh,
playing a game or something, right?
Looks fun,
but we should probably get to school, eh?
Hate to be tardy. Mr. Phillips
sure gets his dander up about that.
[Billy] Yeah.
I was just about to get going.
See you there.
You all right, Miss?
-School--
-You're welcome.
Need anything else?
Any dragons around here need slaying?
[Anne] No! Thank you!
Who are you?
Hey, who are you?
Uh, Miss?
Uh, what's your name, Miss?
What, you can't tell me your name?
Here. Here, allow me.
Thank you.
[indistinct conversations]
I'm sorry if I was rude.
-I'm Anne.
-Uh, I'm--
[boys] Gilbert!
-Hey!
-How was the District of Alberta?
-Did you see the Rocky Mountains?
-[Gilbert] They're pretty hard to miss.
-[Moody] Were they big?
-They're mountains.
Is your dad feeling better?
Uh, we're both glad to be back home.
Why were you walking
with that orphan girl?
Why not?
-[Moody] She's a loon.
-[Gilbert] Says you.
[Charlie]
Hope you didn't get asylum cooties.
Uh-oh. There's one!
[boys chuckling]
Besides, I don't care where she's from.
A cute girl is a cute girl.
I don't know what you think you were doing
walking with Gilbert Blythe.
You can't talk to Gilbert Blythe.
You can't even look at him.
Well, see for yourself.
Ruby has liked him for three years.
She has dibs.
[sobs]
There, there.
That nasty girl didn't know any better.
Just like yesterday
with all your tall tales.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to walk with him.
It just happened.
-Well, don't let it happen again.
-I won't. I promise.
I'll have nothing to do with him.
Uh... [sighs]
I'll try to smooth things over.
There you are. [chuckles]
Mrs. Bell, how nice to see you.
Hello.
I've been wondering
when the next meeting is.
Well, actually, Miss Cuthbert--
Oh, please call me Marilla. Everyone does.
Miss Cuthbert...
we feel that our group
isn't the right fit for you.
I-I-I see.
We understand clearly now
that Anne needs all of your attention.
You've got your hands full.
All my attention?
Also, we urge you
to consider home-schooling.
That would be best for all concerned.
And we are concerned. Good day to you.
[door opens, closes]
[Matthew] What do you suppose
happened with Anne
that they don't want her back in school?
We'll know soon enough.
And they don't want you back.
Leave me be, Matthew.
Open your readers to page 32.
We will read aloud Barry Cornwall's poem,
"The Fisherman."
Finally! Something I can do well.
I'm happy for you, Anne.
Diana Barry, stand and begin.
[clears throat]
"A per-i-lous life
And sad as life may be
Hath the lone fisher on the lonely sea--"
Perilous, indeed. Sit down.
New girl. Up. Continue.
[exhales]
[dramatically] "O'er the wild waters
laboring far from home
For some bleak pittance e'er
compelled to roam
Few hearts to cheer him
through his dangerous life
And none to aid him in the stormy strife
Companion of the sea and silent air
The lonely fisher thus must ever fare"
She's good. Invested.
"Without the comfort, hope,
with scarce a friend
He looks through life
and only sees its end."
[class laughs]
Sit down!
Sweet merciful Lord.
[indistinct conversations]
That was really different.
Josie Pye.
Read Campbell's Pleasures of Hope,
"The Downfall of Poland."
[flatly] "Oh! Sacred Truth!
Thy triumph ceased awhile..."
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
I've gotta fix a bit of fence
down yonder, so...
I've been meaning to attend to it.
Lunch is in an hour.
Well, uh, I best get it done, you know,
before I forget again.
So I might, uh... I might be late.
Jerry will, uh, help you unload.
Walk on, Belle. Allons.
[children chattering, laughing]
Hey, um,
I, uh, thought you might like to try one.
They're from our orchard.
They're real sweet.
[teeth clenched] Please go away.
I beg your pardon?
[teeth clenched]
You need to walk away right now.
I'm-I'm sorry. I, uh--
I'm not supposed to talk to you!
Why not?
[grunts]
[sighs]
Well, as I live and breathe.
Matthew Cuthbert, what are you doing here?
Is everything all right?
Uh...
Anne.
Yes.
[exhales]
Come on in. I know the whole story.
And the Andrews are fit to be tied.
[exhales] I hope I didn't meddle too much,
but I thought we ought to know,
and Rachel's reliable
in the knowing department.
Dear Lord!
That child will put me in the grave.
I cannot bear to think of her
spewing such filth!
It worries me to no end.
What a disgrace!
Wait until all of Avonlea
hears about this, if they haven't already.
I feel worried for Anne, is what.
Matthew Cuthbert,
I don't understand you at all.
-That child is--
-A child.
Burns me up.
A girl of her tender age,
she oughtn't to know such things.
[door knock stamps]
-Good afternoon, Mrs. Andrews.
-Good afternoon, Miss Cuthbert.
I've very sorry to disturb you, but...
I wanted to have a word with you
about Anne and your daughter Prissy.
Forgive me if I don't invite you in,
but seeing as your... girl
set about sullying my daughter's
good name, I'm sure you can understand.
I want to apologize for any discomfort
this incident has caused Prissy
and your family.
Discomfort?
My daughter is sorely aggrieved.
As am I.
This outrage will not be forgotten
by anyone anytime soon.
We are dreadfully sorry.
I'm sure Anne didn't mean any harm.
-How would you know?
-I beg your pardon?
Do you really know anything about her?
[scoffs]
You didn't do Avonlea any favors
bringing that... trollop into our midst.
-I beg your pardon?
-I think you heard me plain.
Well, hear this:
you can hold Anne responsible
for what she said--
I can and most certainly do.
But you can't hold against her
what she's seen or been exposed to.
That's not her fault.
That child has endured more than any
of us can know or imagine.
It's a shame progressive parenting
doesn't seem to include compassion.
But perhaps you'll muster some up
in church on Sunday...
and thank the good Lord that poor Anne
has finally found safe haven.
I know I will.
Good day.
[cow mooing]
-Did you go to school, Mr. Cuthbert?
-Uh, for a time.
I left... when I was about your age.
Do you know a word called "eedrope"?
"Eedrope"?
Anne told me not to do it.
Oh, I don't think I know that one.
But I never saw Anne's beat
for knowing big words.
I bet she does very well at school.
[cow mooing]
Whoops.
Hey.
-Carrots!
-[shouts] I'm not talking to you!
[class gasps]
[indistinct conversations, laughter]
You just did.
[Mr. Phillips] Shirley!
Get up here now!
What a vicious display!
Is this what they taught you
in that orphanage?
Unacceptable!
[giggling, chattering]
[Mr. Phillips]
"Anne Shirley has a very bad temper."
Now, stand here and stay put,
and the rest of you pipe down!
Let this serve as a lesson to you
that we do not tolerate
such displays of temper,
here in a civilized society.
It was my fault.
Sir, I, um... I-I teased her.
Quiet, Blythe. That is hardly an excuse.
[class chuckling]
Quiet, all of you,
and return to your lesson.
Thirty minus six,
divided by three equals...
Where do you think you're going?
Get back here.
[shouts] Shirley!
Shirley!
Anne!
[Anne sobbing]
There, there, child.
[sobs]
I know.
I know just how you feel.
You've been judged harshly.
I am never going back to school!
Never!
[continues to sob]
[sobs, whimpers]